h1. TODOs

* change in settings calls [DetailView applySettings].  Use NSNotificationCenter
* add icons/images to items displayed as cells.  Use UIDocumentInteractionController to get icons based on extension.  look at icons used in dropbox
* add informational row to bottom of item list that says something like "12 folders & 29 files" just like in Dropbox for iPad

h1. Features

* -new file-
* -new folder-
* -rename file- & folder
* move file & folder
* -iTunes file sharing-
* return to last opened file on application start
* keyboard accessory view with most common keys/tags/etc. for each language
** store each in it's own config.json file
* top 10 most recently accessed files
* bookmarks
* JavaScript console
** provide firebug lite's console api for console.log
* File Templates
** put in new file dialog
* Open with - register app as a handler for txt, html, js, css
* insert image - google, flickr, yahoo image search and local photos
* built-in webserver
* syntax highlighting
* pyton console - run python code remotely
* ruby console - run on appspot
* heroku integration
* Project
** contains a dir hier w/files
** export to zip
** export to zip & email
** web preview in UIWebView
** project templates to pick from
*** web jquery

h2. Text Actions

* -Send to Clipboard-
* -Email text-
** email text in body or as attachment
* Email as HTML
** email textile as html - javascript textile to html converter
** email markdown as html - javascript markdown to html converter
** email wikitext as html - javascript wikitext to html converter
* FTP to
* Export as PDF
* To chm
* Text to speech
* Send to gitbub as gist (look at Textmate command for reference)
* html
** preview as html
* textile
** preview as html
* markdown
** preview as html


h2. Settings / Config

* font
* text view background & foreground color
* export all to zip
** send as email
** serve up with built-in webserver
* Reset to Default settings

h1. App Names

* Textsmith
* textbench
* Text Station
* Textify
* Texty
* Textism
* Simplytext
* All things text
* Textshop
* Textspace
* Textr
* Texttastic
* Ulratext
* Ultext
* Texttool
* Textfactory
* Textboard
* Textbucket
* Textmine
* Text cafe
* Cafe text
* Texthouse
* Texted
* Textverse
* Textbelt
* Textman
* Textbandit
* Itextify
* I* (I in front of everything)
* Iwebedit
* Iauthortheweb
* Webedit

h1. Keywords

categories: productivity

text, editor, edit, file, develop, tool, web, notes, html, javascript, css


h1. Design

* Main text editing view - BPTextView : UITextView
* BPTextViewController - has a toolbar at the bottom or top with the following editing buttons: snippet, tidy, spell check, copy to clipboard
* BPItem cache in BPItemManager
** implement as NSMutableDictionary
*** key = item type + item path

h1. Beta Testing

* Frank, Sean
* Send off to Gruber